Bump apptestctl version (#229)
giantswarm/app-test-suite: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

- Changed

>   - Update `apptestctl` to 0.18.0 for VerticalPodAutoscaler CRD

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Update `apptestctl` to 0.18.0 for VerticalPodAutoscaler and PolicyException CRDs
```
